The Krador are well renowned for being skillful fighters on the battlefield, 
but you need more than that to stand a chance against such a number of them, 
for the Narvegr live only for power.  but know one thing about Solvara Vandorr, 
third born of their chief, he knew better. 
Vanseer Heirdorr. you can't say the same about him. 
He commanded his kin with the like of cold iron. 
Solvara hated all he was made to do but such is the law of life. 
It was on llonus the 12th  that he was freed, as a church on the outskirts of Windrift burned. 

 

The journal of marshal Romar Sollran 

At least the light of a torch still glowed just as bright as usual. 
The torchlight washed over the rubble blocking out the entrance and down the huge Southmans back, 
We knew he was different as soon as we came to. 
He had sat us up against a wall unbound and was 
slowly piling the rubble behind him with surprising care. 
Our eyes never left him as we picked ourselves up, 
and he said "peace" and left us be.
It was in that moment that we truly saw the narvegr, they were human. 
Power hungry maybe, but still human. We could have killed him, just there. 
killed him after he had let us live, with our weapons in hand... 
so we silently began to pile rubble alongside him. 

 

Transcription from the high inquisition llonus the 16th  

High inquisitor Sulfor clears her throat, the conversations die away. 
"I call this meeting of the high inquisition, to order." 
High inquisitor Sulfor shuffles her papers, 
"first to be heard will be Romar Sollran, lord marshal of Windrift." 
Marshal Sollran stands and calls fourth the southern with given name solvara. 
"my lord, I bring with me solvara vandorr the third son of vanseer heirdorr, 
whom the narvegr call leader. His wish is only for peace, and sanctuary from the narvegr." 
High inquisitor sulfor looks at marshal Sollran in a new light. 
"why do you speak for this savage, Whose kind have brought only death to our people?" 
Angry murmurs break up in the crowd. "he left me alive and with blade to hand, 
I believe it just to do a kindness to him in return." 
The crowd grows silent "is this all you wish to establish?" Marshal Sollran bows. 
"It is, my lord." Hight inquisitor sulfor pulls out one more of her papers. 
"you may be now engage the roll of interpreter, let us now hear from the southman." 
Marshal sollran bows again and begins talking to the southman. 
"all I seek is a place safe from my father, but I must warn you, he plans to take windrift, 
and you will need to prepare." High inquisitor sulfor looks at the southman in disgust 
"does this savage try to educate us on how to defend a city?" More angry murmurs from the crowd. 
The southman look on impassively. "I mean no harm, only to aid you against my father" 
high inquisitor sulfor bows her head for some time, and when she raises her eyes she seems weary 
"your kind are not well known for meaning no harm... but my man here seems adamant in his position.
You may stay." There is a splatter of curses from the crowd 
and they are only silenced by our high inquisitor sulfor's cold voice 
"I believe that concludes this meeting... you may leave."  

 

The journal of solvara vandorr 

Llonus the 16th 

 

(here he gets hired as a torturer, and retells his thought process-why do I do this? 
Is this any better than being part of the narvegr, or is it even worse?) 

They say those who have a choice are lucky indeed, and now I see it to be true. 
When I killed, and burned, and looted, I never had a choice, always choice I ever had was how  
many people I killed. That and a bit of luck will get you through life as one of the narvegr, 
to live beside the krador. the krador operate by a different standard. 
The man i saved told me i needed a job, to kill is all I have ever known, 
as it turns out there are such jobs. 

 

The journal of solvara vandorr 

Nure the 57th 

 

I still remember the first time I tortured a dumbarse